This Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market sector is rapidly evolving, with substantial growth and advancements expected by 2031. In-depth market research offers a comprehensive analysis of market size, share, and trends, providing crucial insights into its expansion. The report explores market segmentation and definitions, elucidating key components and drivers. Utilizing SWOT and PESTEL analyses, it evaluates the market's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats, as well as political, economic, social, technological, environmental, and legal factors. Expert Competitors Analysis insights and recent developments shed light on the geographical distribution and project the market's future trajectory, laying a strong foundation for strategic planning and investment.

What is the projected market size & growth rate of the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market?

Market Analysis and Insights

Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market

Data Bridge Market Research analyses that the electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market will exhibit a CAGR of 25.40% for the forecast period of 2022-2029 and is expected to reach the market value of USD 6,014.71 million by 2029.

Electronic invoicing, or e-invoicing, refers to the generation of electronic bills through a digital platform for an exchange of products and services. It can be generated through numerous devices, such as mobile phones, laptops, and tablets, and includes purchase orders, debit and credit notes, and payment vouchers that specify the terms and conditions of the payment. E-invoicing may also be deployed through the cloud and on-premises solutions that supply numerous different edges, such as improved invoice accuracy and knowledge quality, reduced instances of delayed payments, and quicker invoice-processing time and transparency. Except this, it aids in convenient pursuit of business transactions and minimizing the prices related to system style, customization, implementation, training, and maintenance.

Significant growth in the e-commerce industry and increasing personal disposable income are some of the major factors accelerating the growth of the electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market in the forecast period of 2022-2029. Furthermore, widespread adoption of advanced information technology (IT) solutions across the banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), energy, telecommunications and retail industries is propelling the market growth. Various technological advancements, such as the development of web and software-based invoicing applications that can be integrated with the cloud, artificial intelligence (AI), internet of things (IoT) and predictive analytics tools, and product vendors offering flexible e-invoicing solutions to support the frequently changing operational patterns are also expected to drive the growth of the electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market in the forecast period of 2022-2029. However, the need of substantial amount of resources in terms of manpower restrains the growth of electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market. Also, requirement of time and equipment will challenge market growth in the above mentioned forecast period.

In addition, increasing adoption of blockchain technology to ensure the security of documents, along with the emerging trend of document digitalization for efficient processing and compliance requirements will create ample opportunities for the electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market in the above mentioned forecast period.

This electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market report provides details of new recent developments, trade regulations, import export analysis, production analysis, value chain optimization, market share, impact of domestic and localised market players, analyses opportunities in terms of emerging revenue pockets, changes in market regulations, strategic market growth analysis, market size, category market growths, application niches and dominance, product approvals, product launches, geographical expansions, technological innovations in the market. To gain more info on electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market contact Data Bridge Market Research for an Analyst Brief, our team will help you take an informed market decision to achieve market growth.

Browse Detailed TOC, Tables and Figures with Charts which is spread across 350 Pages that provides exclusive data, information, vital statistics, trends, and competitive landscape details in this niche sector.

This research report is the result of an extensive primary and secondary research effort into the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market. It provides a thorough overview of the market's current and future objectives, along with a competitive analysis of the industry, broken down by application, type and regional trends. It also provides a dashboard overview of the past and present performance of leading companies. A variety of methodologies and analyses are used in the research to ensure accurate and comprehensive information about the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market.

Get a Sample PDF of Report - https://www.databridgemarketresearch.com/request-a-sample/?dbmr=global-electronic-invoicing-e-invoicing-market

Which are the driving factors of the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market?

The driving factors of the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market include technological advancements that enhance product efficiency and user experience, increasing consumer demand driven by changing lifestyle preferences, and favorable government regulations and policies that support market growth. Additionally, rising investment in research and development and the expanding application scope of Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) across various industries further propel market expansion.

Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market - Competitive and Segmentation Analysis:

Global Electronic-Invoicing (E-Invoicing) Market, By Type (Cloud And On-Premise), End User (Business-To-Business, Business-To-Consumer, And Others), Application (Energy And Utilities, Fast-Moving Consumer Goods , E-Commerce, Banking, Financial Services and Insurance, Government and Others), Country (U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Rest of South America, Germany, France, Italy, U.K., Belgium, Spain, Russia, Turkey, Netherlands, Switzerland, Rest of Europe, Japan, China, India, South Korea, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines, Rest of Asia-Pacific, U.A.E, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, South Africa, Israel, Rest of Middle East and Africa) Industry Trends and Forecast to 2031.

How do you determine the list of the key players included in the report?

With the aim of clearly revealing the competitive situation of the industry, we concretely analyze not only the leading enterprises that have a voice on a global scale, but also the regional small and medium-sized companies that play key roles and have plenty of potential growth.

Which are the top companies operating in the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market?

Some of the major players operating in the electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market are Cognizant, Dell Inc., Microsoft, Adobe, Marlabs Inc., Accenture, Capgemini, IBM, KELLTON TECH, Oracle, Google LLC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Apple Inc., Broadcom, PwC, Equinix, Inc., Deloitte, Cognex Corporation, SAP SE, and Siemens among others.

Short Description About Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market:

The Global Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market is anticipated to rise at a considerable rate during the forecast period, between 2024 and 2031. In 2023, the market is growing at a steady rate and with the rising adoption of strategies by key players, the market is expected to rise over the projected horizon.

North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which can not be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing). The market in North America is expected to grow considerably during the forecast period. The high adoption of advanced technology and the presence of large players in this region are likely to create ample growth opportunities for the market.

Europe also play important roles in global market, with a magnificent growth in CAGR During the Forecast period 2024-2031.

Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market size is projected to reach Multimillion USD by 2031, In comparison to 2024, at unexpected CAGR during 2024-2031.

Despite the presence of intense competition, due to the global recovery trend is clear, investors are still optimistic about this area, and it will still be more new investments entering the field in the future.

This report focuses on the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) in global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application.

Get a Sample Copy of the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Report 2024

What are your main data sources?

Both Primary and Secondary data sources are being used while compiling the report. Primary sources include extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts (such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs, and marketing executives), downstream distributors, as well as end-users. Secondary sources include the research of the annual and financial reports of the top companies, public files, new journals, etc. We also cooperate with some third-party databases.

Geographically, the detailed analysis of consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate, historical data and forecast (2024-2031) of the following regions are covered in Chapters

What are the key regions in the global Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market?

North America (United States, Canada and Mexico)
Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Russia and Turkey etc.)
Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia and Vietnam)
South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.)
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
This Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market Research/Analysis Report Contains Answers to your following Questions

What are the global trends in the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market?
Would the market witness an increase or decline in the demand in the coming years?
What is the estimated demand for different types of products in Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing)?
What are the upcoming industry applications and trends for Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market?
What Are Projections of Global Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Industry Considering Capacity, Production and Production Value? What Will Be the Estimation of Cost and Profit? What Will Be Market Share, Supply and Consumption? What about Import and Export?
Where will the strategic developments take the industry in the mid to long-term?
What are the factors contributing to the final price of Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing)?
What are the raw materials used for Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) manufacturing?
How big is the opportunity for the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market?
How will the increasing adoption of Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) for mining impact the growth rate of the overall market?
How much is the global Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market worth? What was the value of the market In 2020?
Who are the major players operating in the Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) market? Which companies are the front runners?
Which are the recent industry trends that can be implemented to generate additional revenue streams?
What Should Be Entry Strategies, Countermeasures to Economic Impact, and Marketing Channels for Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Industry?
Customization of the Report

Can I modify the scope of the report and customize it to suit my requirements? Yes. Customized requirements of multi-dimensional, deep-level and high-quality can help our customers precisely grasp market opportunities, effortlessly confront market challenges, properly formulate market strategies and act promptly, thus to win them sufficient time and space for market competition.

Inquire more and share questions if any before the purchase on this report at - https://www.databridgemarketresearch.com/inquire-before-buying/?dbmr=global-electronic-invoicing-e-invoicing-market

Detailed TOC of Global Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market Insights and Forecast to 2031

Introduction
Market Segmentation
Executive Summary
Premium Insights
Market Overview
Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market By Type
Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market By Function
Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market By Material
Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market By End User
Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market By Region
Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market: Company Landscape
SWOT Analysis
Company Profiles
Continued...
Purchase this report – https://www.databridgemarketresearch.com/checkout/buy/singleuser/global-electronic-invoicing-e-invoicing-market

Data Bridge Market Research:

Today's trends are a great way to predict future events!

Data Bridge Market Research is a market research and consulting company that stands out for its innovative and distinctive approach, as well as its unmatched resilience and integrated methods. We are dedicated to identifying the best market opportunities, and providing insightful information that will help your business thrive in the marketplace. Data Bridge offers tailored solutions to complex business challenges. This facilitates a smooth decision-making process. Data Bridge was founded in Pune in 2015. It is the product of deep wisdom and experience.

Contact Us:

Data Bridge Market Research

US: +1 614 591 3140

UK: +44 845 154 9652

APAC: +653 1251 975

Email:- corporatesales@databridgemarketresearch.com

Browse More Reports:

Global Powered Surgical Instruments Market – Industry Trends and Forecast to 2030

Global Electronic-invoicing (e-invoicing) Market – Industry Trends and Forecast to 2029
